Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another story on this course on Ruby.
And in this drill, we are going to be covering that introduction to Ruby.
So Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object oriented general-purpose programming language.
Ruby is a pure, object oriented language, which means that everything in Ruby is an object except
the blocks.
But there are replacements for it, too, which includes the Bronx and lambdas which will be covering
in the future tutorials.
The objective of Ruby's development was to make it as a sensible buffer between human programmers and
the underlying computing machinery.
Ruby has similar syntax to that of many programming languages like C, C++ and Java.
So it is easy for the Java and C programmers to learn Ruby.
It supports mostly all the platforms like the Windows, the Mac and the Linux based systems.
So Ruby is based on many other programming languages like Berl, less small dog Eifel and ETA.
It is an integrated scripting language, which means most of its implementations execute instructions
directly and freely without previously compiling a program into machine language instructions.
Ruby programers also have access to the powerful Ruby Gems, which basically provides a standard format
for a ruby.
Programs and libraries now coming to the advantages of the Ruby programming languages.
Ruby has a lot of advantages.
The first one is that the code written in the Ruby programming language is very small, it is elegant
and it is powerful as it has very fewer a number of lines of code.
The second advantage is that Ruby allows simple and fast creation of Web applications, which result
in less hard work.
And there is an extension to Ruby that is called as Ruby on Rails.
And that is basically what is used for Web development in Ruby.
The third advantage of Ruby is that Ruby is free of charge.
That is, Ruby is free to copy, use, modify.
It allows the programmers to make necessary changes as and when required.
One more advantage is that Ruby is a dynamic programming language due to which there is no tougher rules
on how to build in features.
And it is very close to the spoken languages.
So coming towards the applications you have in Ruby, Ruby is used to create Web application of different
sorts.
It is one of the hot technology at present to create a Web application.
And as I told you, that Ruby offers a great feature that is called Ruby on Rails.
It is a framework that is used by programmers to speed up the development process and save that time.
So Ruby overall is an excellent language to use.
And if you want to become a pro coder or a pro programmer, then you should have a list of languages
you must have learned and Ruby should be one of them.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I will see you guys in the next tutorial.